WEEK 2
I'm going to run three ingest simulations; first, one is going to simulate events occurring on a grid. Specifically, it's going to be a random x/y coordinate generator that provides new coordinates every 1-3 seconds. That's going to represent my "source of truth" describing when and where a valid event occurs. The other two ingests ("Eyes" and "Ears") are going to read those events and create an observation from them with a specific degree of unreliability. When a new event occurs/is simulated, Eyes is going to have a 9/10 chance to report it accurately and have a 1% chance every second an event is not recorded of creating a false observation. Ears is going to have a 7/10 chance to report accurately and have a 5% chance every second an event is not recorded of creating a false observation. 

If events are occurring every 1-3 seconds, that means I'll be generating 20 events per minute, 1200 per hour, or just shy of 30k each day. I'm expecting each harvester to generate approximately comparable data volume to each other, so ballpark 90-100k records per day. I'd like to run each of those services on their own separate VM and Git will be part of the means by which I deploy each of these services onto their appropriate VM, in addition to providing version control and documentation/context behind what I'm trying to do.

After this class, I'm planning on demoing this to some folks I work with and potentially collaborating with them to refine the work. In my opinion, one of the most important features of Git is how it facilitates collaboration, even more so than the version control. 

I'm hoping to play around with Redshift a bit soon to see if I can build these simulators. I'd like to run all the data through the same database if possible, even if in my head I was imagining Postgres instead. The event simulator should be a piece of cake, but I'll need some means of storage for the Observation simulators to read from before I build those out.

WEEK 1
There's nothing I have so much trouble with as coming up with the concept of a project from blank. Give me a concept, or better yet, requirements, and I will figure out how to implement a solution that achieves the needed capability, but give me a blank sheet and ask me to provide a concept and I barely know where to start. At work, I start with, "What are the KPIs," "What subjects are difficult for the stakeholders to make informed decisions about?" and "What information would ease those decisions?" Without KPIs, with just a vague idea of what sort of stuff I'm interested, I'm a kite in the wind.

I have a project that I've wanted to do for work that might actually line up with this course fairly well. The design is to have at least two data sources which describe the same event occurring in different ways, sort of like senses - Eyes which see certain things, and Ears which hear certain things. Then I'd like to compare the observations from one set with the other to determine an overall list of observed events, along with a likelihood of an event truthfully occurring based on the observed data, or alternately, absent a source of ground truth to train the model on, a means by which the "agreement" of the sources can be measured, and thereby an estimation of the probability of a false positive/false negative, and therefore the accuracy of each of the sources.

I'm not sure how much any of that made sense, but what I really need is a pair of sources of data that would fit that bill. I'd even be down to simulate data for use in the project - I could build a service which creates a flow of events (i.e. a simulated ground truth), then simulates "evidence" with a certain rate of false negative/false positives. Then another service which pulls that data and tries to calculate those manually set values without being informed of what the simulated accuracy is supposed to be. Then, if I can demonstrate the ability to determine the "accuracy" compared to a set "ground truth," I can reasonably expect to be able to determine "accuracy" when ground truth is unknown.

This is just a concept so far, not even really a first draft. Hopefully I can refine this design a bit before it's time to start implementing things.
